


1) JSON (FOR IN LOOP)

Var Employee={
Name: "Aravindh"
Age:23
Education: "engineering"
Address: "Chennai"
Status: "single"
};
Console.log(student);

2) WRITE THE RESUME IN JSON

      Var resume={
      "name": "ganesh kumar"
      "mail id": "abc0123@gmail.com"
      "address": "Villupuram"
      "Phone":"9883746378"
      "Objective": "To secure a challenging position in a reputable organization to expand my learnings, knowledge, and skills"
      "Qualification": {
                       "Higher Degree":"M.Sc Computer Science"
		"Under Degree":"B.Sc Computer Science",
		"HSC":"12th"
		"SSLC":"10th"
		},
      "Programming Skills":["c","c++","HTML","SQL"]
      "Additional Skills": ["English Typewriting","Tamil Typewriting","COA"]
      "extracurricular activities":"Also known as extra-academic activities, extracurricular activities include sports, student government, community service, employment, arts, hobbies, and educational clubs. 
      "Personal Details": {
		"date of birth":"10/1/1999"
		"Martial status":"single",
		"Nationality":"Indian",
		"Father's Name":"Siva",
		"Age":"23",
		"Sports":"No"
		},
      "Declaration": "I Ganesh kumar hereby declare that all the information given above are true to the best of my knowledge"
      };

3) WHAT IS WINDOW , DOCUMENT AND SCREEN

   DOCUMENT OBJECT :     Each html document that gets loaded into a window becomes a document object. the document contains the contents of the page. using document object, javascript can modify, add and delete the html elements, attributes css styles in the page.
   WINDOW OBJECT:          It is the top most object and outermost element of the object hierarchy.
   SCREEN OBJECT:   Screen is a small information object about physical screen dimensions . It can be used to display screen width, height, colorDepth, pixelDepth etc. It is not mandatory to write window prefix with screen object. It can be written without window prefix.

DOCUMENT OBJECT:
 	The document object represent a web page that is loaded in the browser. by accessing the document object, we can access the element in the html page. with the help of document objects, we can add dynamic content to our web page. the document object can be accessed with a window.document or just document.
POINTS:
* It represents any html document or web page that is loaded in the browser.
* It is loaded inside the window.
* It is the object of window property.
* All the tags, elements with attributes in html are part of the document.
* We can access the document from a window using the window. document
* The document is part of bom (browser object model) and dom (document object model)
* Properties of document objects such as title, body, cookies, etc can also be accessed by a window like this window. document.title
SYNTAX:
      document.property_name;
EXAMPLE:
      document.title :  will return the title of the document

PROPERTIES AND METHODS OF DOCUMENT OBJECT:
      METHODS	                   DESCRIPTION
      alert()			displays an alert box with a message and an ok button
	blur()			removes focus from the current window
	clearinterval()		clears a timer set with setinterval()
	cleartimeout()		clears a timer set with settimeout()
	close()			closes the current window
	confirm()		displays a dialog box with a message and an ok and a cancel button
	createpopup()		creates a pop-up window
	focus()			sets focus to the current window
	moveby()		moves a window relative to its current position
	moveto()		moves a window to the specified position
	open()			opens a new browser window
	print()			prints the content of the current window
	prompt()		displays a dialog box that prompts the visitor for input
	resizeby()		resizes the window by the specified pixels
	resizeto()		resizes the window to the specified width and height
	scroll()			deprecated. this method has been replaced by the scrollto() method.
	scrollby()		scrolls the document by the specified number of pixels
	scrollto()		scrolls the document to the specified coordinates
	setinterval()		calls a function or evaluates an expression at specified intervals (in milliseconds)
	settimeout()		calls a function or evaluates an expression after a specified number of milliseconds
	stop()			stops the window from loading


WINDOW OBJECT:
      The window object is the topmost object of the dom hierarchy. it represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage. whenever a window appears on the screen to display the contents of the document, the window object is created. 
POINTS:
* it represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage. 
* it is the very first object that is loaded in the browser.
* it is the object of the browser.
* global objects, functions, and variables of javascript are members of the window object.
* we can access the window from the window only. i.e. window.window
* the window is part of bom, not dom.
* properties of the window object cannot be accessed by the document object.
SYNTAX:
      window.propertyname;
EXAMPLE:
      window.innerheight : will return the height of the content area of the browser

PROPERTIES OF WINDOW OBJECT:
      PROPERTY     	   	DESCRIPTION
closed		returns a boolean value indicating whether a window has been closed or not
defaultstatus	sets or returns the default text in the statusbar of a window
document	returns the document object for the window
frameelement	returns the, <iframe> element in which the current window is inserted
frames		returns all,<iframe> elements in the current window
history		returns the history object for the window
innerheight	returns the inner height of a window's content area
innerwidth	returns the inner width of a window's content area
length		returns the number of, <iframe> elements in the current window
location	returns the location object for the window (see location object)
name		sets or returns the name of a window
navigator	returns the navigator object for the window (see navigator object)
opener		returns a reference to the window that created the window
outerheight	returns the outer height of a window, including toolbars/scrollbars
outerwidth	returns the outer width of a window, including toolbars/scrollbars
pagexoffset	returns the pixels the current document has been scrolled (horizontally) from the upper left corner of the window
pageyoffset	returns the pixels the current document has been scrolled (vertically) from the   upper left corner of the window
parent		returns the parent window of the current window
screen		returns the screen object for the window (see screen object)
screenleft	returns the horizontal coordinate of the window relative to the screen
screentop	returns the vertical coordinate of the window relative to the screen
screenx	returns the horizontal coordinate of the window relative to the screen
screeny	returns the vertical coordinate of the window relative to the screen
self		returns the current window
status		sets or returns the text in the statusbar of a window
top		returns the topmost browser window

SCREEN OBJECT:
      Screen is a small information object about physical screen dimensions . It can be used to display screen width, height, colorDepth, pixelDepth etc. It is not mandatory to write window prefix with screen object. It can be written without window prefix.


Property          Description  
availHeight       specifies the height of screen, excluding the windows taskbar
availWidth	 specifies the width of the screen, excluding the Windows taskbar
colorDepth       specifies the depth of color palette, in bits, to display images
height		  specifies the total height of the screen 
pixelDepth	  specifies the color Resolution, in bits per pixel, of the screen
width                specifies the total width of the screen
